We want to reuse the add movie code in a few of our tests.
So, let's move this logic out into its own method so it makes it
easy for us to call this method whenever we need to add a movie to
our test before using another endpoint.
If we create a method with a return type of
TaskHttpResponseMessage and name our method
AddMovieRankData, we will add an int testUserId parameter.
Then, we'll copy our creation of the movieDb model,
along with everything else but the assert, and paste it into this
method. We'll return a PostAsync method call. Then inside our
AddMovieRankDataReturnsOkStatus test, we will call off to the
AddMovieRankData and pass in our userId. We want to capture the
response, enter a variable named response.
Let's run our test to make sure it's still passes.
Let's carry on and create our second test.
We now want to add a test for our GetAllItemsFromDatabase endpoint.
We will add the Fact attribute and create a method named
GetAllItemsFromDatabaseReturnsNotNullMovieResponse.
We will add a constant for userId and set this to userId 2.
We call off to our AddMovieRankData method, passing in the userId of 2. We
will use our test context and call the GetAsync method.
We will call off to the GetAllItemsFromDatabase endpoint.
The response that we get back from this endpoint will be in JSON format,
so we want to read the JSON and deserialize it into our MovieResponse contract.
We will add a local variable of MovieResponse.
We will add square brackets, as the results that we
get back will be a collection.
We will be wrapping our deserialize call inside a using statement,
as the calls we're about to make implement the IDisposable interface.
Whenever a method inside a class implements IDisposable,
you should wrap these calls within a using statement, allowing
proper disposal of the object after the completion of the call.
We want to read the content from our response and store it inside
a variable named Content.
Inside our using statement,
we will use JsonConvert.DeserializedObject and add
MovieResponse, then add content.
This will deserialize our object into a MovieResponse contract
and save it to the result's local variable.
We add an assert. You can assert on anything you think is worthwhile here.
We are going to assert that the results are not null.
You might want to add more asserts or more tests for this endpoint that tests
specific things, such as the correct properties are returned,
or that you are, in fact, returned a list of items.
I want to keep these tests simple for demonstration purposes.
I want to make it clear, though, that if you are adding tests like these,
then you want to make sure that you are testing the
application thoroughly and testing the right things.
Let's run both of our tests and make sure they both pass. Great! We now have two passing tests.